Documented how to import initial values from previous simulations (#9496)
OpenModelica/OpenModelica: doc/UsersGuide/source/solving.rst

another Modelica tool, and saved in a .mat file. There are two different options to do that.

The first option is to solve the initial equations specified by the Modelica model, using the previous simulation results to
obtain good initial guesses for the iterative solvers. This can be very helpful in case the initialization problem involves the
solution of large nonlinear systems of equations by means of iterative algorithms, whose convergence is sensitive to the selected
initial guess. Importing a previously found solution allows the OpenModelica solver to pick very good initial guesses for the
unknowns of the iterative solvers, thus achieving convergence with a few iterations at most. Since the initial equations
are solved anyway, the values of all variables and derivatives, as well as of all parameters with `fixed = false` attribute,
are re-computed and fully consistent with the selected initial conditions, even in case the previously saved simulation results
refer to a slightly different model configuration. Note that parameters with `fixed = true` will also get their values from the

> imported .mat file, so if you want to change them you need to edit the .mat file accordingly. 

Reviewer: Maybe move the last sentence further down. I wasn't sure what the imported .mat file is, when reading this the first time.

Author: It is mentioned in the first sentence of the section "In many use cases it is useful to import initial values from previous simulations, possibly obtained with another Modelica tool, and saved in a .mat file. There are two different options to do that."

I changed it into "In many use cases it is useful to import initial values from previous simulations, possibly obtained with
another Modelica tool, **which are** saved in a .mat file. There are two different options to do that."

This option is activated by selecting the simulation result file name in the OMEdit
*Simulation Setup | Simulation Flag | Equation System Initialization File* input field, or by setting the additional simulation flag

> :ref:`-iif=<resultfile.mat> <simflag-iif>`. By activating the checkbox Save simulation flags inside the model, a custom annotation *__OpenModelica_simulationFlags(iif="filename.mat")* is added to the model, so this setting is saved with the model and is reused

Reviewer: This link is not working in the generated PDF:
![image](https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/38031952/194837726-b27ca60b-3abb-4d7c-999e-f5107743b045.png)

I guess `<` and `>` are the problem. Maybe you need to escape them or remove them:

```suggestion
:ref:`-iif=\<resultfile.mat\> <simflag-iif>`. By activating the checkbox Save simulation flags inside the model, a custom annotation *__OpenModelica_simulationFlags(iif="filename.mat")* is added to the model, so this setting is saved with the model and is reused
```

Reviewer: Oh and also use the full name of the check-box

![image](https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/38031952/194841488-30ba1b2c-f0b7-4b16-9e29-cc2a8dea2113.png)

```suggestion
:ref:`-iif=<resultfile.mat> <simflag-iif>`. By activating the checkbox *Save simulation flags inside the model i.e., __OpenModelica_simulationFlags annotation*, a custom annotation *__OpenModelica_simulationFlags(iif="filename.mat")* is added to the model, so this setting is saved with the model and is reused
```

when loading the model again later on. It is also possible to specify at which point in time of the saved simulation results the initial values
should be picked, by means of the *Simulation Setup | Simulation Flags | Equation System Initialization Time* input field, or by setting

> the simulation flag :ref:`-iit=initialTimeValue <simflag-iit>`.

Reviewer: Can you add a small Modelica example on how to set start values with `fixed=true`? Or add an example that uses the `-iit` and `-iif` flags?

Reviewer: And what one needs to change in a Modelica model.

The second option is to skip the solution of the initial equations entirely, and to directly start the simulation
using the imported start values. In this case, the initial equations of the model are ignored, and the initial values of
all parameters and state variables are set to the values loaded from the .mat file. This option is useful in particular
to restart a simulation from the final state of a previous one, without bothering about changing the initial conditions
manually in the Modelica model. Note that the algebraic variables will be recomputed starting from the imported initial
state and parameter values; the values of algebraic variables in the imported file will be used to initialize iteration
variables in nonlinear implicit equations of the simulation model, or otherwise ignored. 

To activate this second option, set *Simulation Setup | Simulation Flag | Initialization Method* to *none* in OMEdit,

> or set the simulation flag :ref:`-iim=none <simflag-iim>`. Also in this case, activating the checkbox Save simulation
> flags inside the model saves this option in an *__OpenModelica_simulationFlags(iim=none)* annotation, so it is retained for

Reviewer: Use the full name of the check box, so users can find it:

```suggestion
or set the simulation flag :ref:`-iim=none <simflag-iim>`. Activating the checkbox *Save simulation
flags inside model, i.e. __OpenModelica_simulationFlags annotation* saves this option in an *__OpenModelica_simulationFlags(iim=none)* annotation, so it is retained for
```
